drush drake
===========

Drush Drake is the engine for executing single scripts or a set of migrations. A drake script is a simple text file containing of drush commands on every line. 

A file name for a drake migration must consist of a version number and the suffix ".drake". You must use higher numbers for newer scripts! It is recommend to use the number scheme proposed by the update_N hook (http://api.drupal.org/api/drupal/modules--system--system.api.php/function/hook_update_N/7). 

Drake migration files have to reside in a "migrations" folder within any module or an installation profile. The engine finds them all and allows you to run all scripts or only those
of a special module/profile up to a specific version. Note that only the directories of enabled modules and the active installation profile are searched for migrations.

example drake script "my_module/migrations/7100.drake"
--------------

    my_module/migrations/7100.drake
    ; this migration for the 7-1.x version of "my_module" downloads all required dependencies and clears the cache
    dl views
    enable views
    cc all

Any valid drush commands are here allowed.

drake commands
--------------

The drake-migrate command expects an optional version number and a module/profile name or "all". Examples:

    ; runs all migrations in all modules
    drush drake-migrate all
    ; runs all migrations up to the version 7100 of the module "my_module"
    drush drake-migrate 7100 my_module
    ; runs all migrations of the install profile "my_install_profile"
    drush drake-migrate my_install_profile

Drush Drake stores all successfully executed migrations within the database, preventing them from running more than one time.

You can also execute a single script file via the drake command. This is useful for setting up an environment configuration or downloading development modules:

    ; download and enable devel and other modules
    drush drake profiles/my_profile/devel-tools.drake
